Feat/4894  refactor frontend build scripts (#5219)
tracim/tracim: frontend_lib/README.md

Tracim lib
==========

This library groups the components shared across Tracim frontend and the Tracim frontend apps.

It can be built in two different ways:

- [**Optimized build**](#optimized-build):
  - A script to be inserted in an HTML page using the a `<script>` tag
  - Build without the shared dependencies
  - The default usage for Tracim
- [**Standalone build**](#standalone-build):
  - a script that can be published on NPM and used by external apps
  - Build with every dependency
  - A UMD build

## Optimized build

This build can be included using a `<script>` tag.  

> It does not come with all its dependencies which makes it lighter.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not come with all its dependencies which makes it smaller.
```

Author: will fix

Author: fixed

The build and its functions can be used by accessing the global variable `tracim_frontend_lib` or in a package built with Webpack as long as:

- `tracim_frontend_lib` is listed in the `externals` property of the Webpack configuration
- all the libraries in `tracim_frontend_vendors` are also listed in `externals`
- `tracim_frontend_vendors` and `tracim_frontend_lib` are included using the `<script>` tag before the app is loaded.
  - In this configuration, `tracim_frontend_lib` expects the global object `tracim_frontend_vendors` to be available.
  - This can be done by using the `externals.json` file built when bundling `tracim_frontend_vendors`.
  
Note: All the above is already configured for Tracim's `optimized` bundles.

Run:

    ./build_frontend_lib.sh

This shell script accept `-d` to bypass obfuscation and minification to help debugging.

This will produce two scripts:
- `dist/tracim_frontend_lib.optimized.lib.js`: the library part
- `dist/tracim_frontend_lib.optimized.style.js`: the styling part

The Webpack configuration used to build the standalone bundle is [webpack.optimized.config.js](./webpack.optimized.config.js).

#### Pros

> - it is lighter: some dependencies are externals therefore not in the bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it is smaller: some dependencies are externals thus not in the bundle
```

Author: will fix

Author: fixed
